Editing pass over cover letter + manuscript (#46)
chaynes2019/AvidaGeneDupe: tex/text/body/abstract.tex

Mirroring broader contrasts between adaptation- versus contingency-driven hypotheses for the evolutionary origins of biological complexity, gene duplication outcomes are typically framed in terms of neo- and sub-functionalization scenarios.
In the former, duplicated genetic material catalyzes novel functionality; in the latter, it is co-opted to elaborate existing functionality.
Examples of both scenarios are widespread in natural history, but practical constraints have limited direct experimental investigation of the relationship between gene duplication and organismal complexity.
% Using the Avida platform for digital evolution,
% @AML: "digital organism" might be more immediately meaningful/unstandable than "Avida"? Either works, so feel free to switch back!

> Using populations of digital organisms (self-replicating computer programs), we show that while increased genome size can promote the emergence of simple adaptive traits, gene duplication uniquely facilitates the \textit{de novo} evolution of complex adaptive phenotypes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the Avida platform for digital evolution, we show that while increased genome size can promote the emergence of simple adaptive traits, gene duplication uniquely facilitates the \textit{de novo} evolution of complex adaptive phenotypes.
```
